fix: reduce too many cache cleaning operations (#10907)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-07-01-add-lock-for-cache-clearer.md

---
title: Add lock for CacheClearer
issue: 10706
author: nfortier
author_email: n.fortier@shopware.com
author_github: nfortier-shopware
---

# Core

> * Added a lock of 30s to `CacheClearer` for `cleanupOldContainerCacheDirectories` and `clearContainerCache` methods to limit concurrent execution and fatal error due to PHP files destroyed by one process and required by the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a lock of 30s to `\Shopware\Core\Framework\Adapter\CacheCacheClearer` for `cleanupOldContainerCacheDirectories` and `clearContainerCache` methods to limit concurrent execution and fatal error due to PHP files destroyed by one process and required by the other.
```

imo, we should use the FQCN in the changelogs. we sometimes have classes with the same name, but different namespace :grin:
